**PAT**
With your very first clone, you are prompted to identify and the best way is to use a personal access token generated by the remote repo holder. Then your machine will be identified for any subsequent git operation.

**Change email accordingly**
I can get the green checks for each day only if I commit from my git local accounf vaskomeil@gmail.com, I can commit from my work account to the github profile, too. But only through the synchronised accound Github and git local, I will get the checks.


You can change the git email for a specific repo only: 

1. Using git config --local:

Most Git commands accept a --local flag to specify that the configuration should be applied only to the current repository. For example, to set your name and email address for a specific repository, you can use:

```sh
git config --local user.name "Your Name"
git config --local user.email "your_email@example.com"
```

testing change of local git config


Merge locally - merge into means be on branch to be updated and merge branch ahead into branch to be updated

mind the difference, merging locally is all about incorporating changes from one branch (like branch A) into another (like main) without harming either branch. Actually, merge on the remotely hosted repo does not destroy branches either, but here, I focus explaining local merge (before which you must pull and after which you myst push).

Here's a breakdown of the steps to merge branch A into main using Github Desktop:

1. Switch to main branch: In Github Desktop, click on the current branch name (which should be different from branch A).

2. Select "Choose a branch to merge into" from the dropdown menu.

3. Choose branch A: In the window that appears, select branch A from the list of available branches.
Merge branch A: Click the button that says "Merge branch A into main" (or whatever your main branch is called).


In summary: I am on the branch that needs to be updated and choosing a branch to merge into means select branch that is ahead of current to apply those ahead changes into current.